+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "Entrepreneurial Intention among Secondary School Students: A proposed conceptual framework"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 2

authors = [
  {surname = "Alhaji",  given_name = "Idris Adamu",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "0000-0000-0000-0000", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Muharram",  given_name = "Farrah Merlinda",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "0000-0000-0000-0000", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000xxx22", name ="Azman Hashim International Business School, Universiti Teknologi Malaysia"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:01+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "20"
lastpage = "33"
language = ""
keywords = ["Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurship education, previous entrepreneurial experience, perceived desirability, access to financing, entrepreneurial intention."]


PDF = "../assets/icbmis-2019-004.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Entrepreneurship has become a steering engine for economic development and a bridged between unemployment, underdevelopment, and poverty. Entrepreneurship has received a lot of attention among the developed economy. Various literature have intensively discussed on the entrepreneurial intention among tertiary intuitions but with less attention on the entrepreneurial intention among secondary school students as the basis for learning that link between secondary school and tertiary institutions. This paper reviewed the entrepreneurial intention among secondary school students and the moderating role of access to financing. Access to financing is considered the fundamental sources needed by any entrepreneur/s to assist them in the running and operations of their businesses. This study proposed a conceptual framework with the relationship between entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial intention. Prior literature is developed based on the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB) as the most used model to determine entrepreneurial intention. This study also seeks to identify the moderating role of access to financing in the relationship between entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial intention. The conceptual framework was developed to harmonize the understanding of four main variables supported by the prior literature. This study is very important to highlight the stakeholders such as government, community, private organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and entrepreneurs on the factors that are essential to influence entrepreneurial intention among students and accessibility of funds is very crucial factor that moderate students' entrepreneurial intentions especially for those who are in their secondary education years."


## Social media details for if the paper has a social media cover image or if authors have twitter handles.
socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = []

references = ["None."]
+++
Acs, Z.J.; Szerb, L. & Lloyd, A. (2017). Global Entrepreneurship Index; The Global Entrepreneurship and Development Institute: Washington, DC, USA, 2017.
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/322757639_The_Global_Entrepreneurship_In
dex_2018 (accessed on 25 October 2018).
Adebayo, O. & Kolawole, J. A. (2013). The historical background of entrepreneurial
development in Nigeria: Its gains, shortcomings and needful. Journal of Emerging
Trends in Economics and Management Sciences, 4(5), 493–500.
Ajagbe, M. A., Kelechi, A. N., Kimuli, S. N. L. & Cho, N. M. (2016). Problems and visions
of entrepreneurship education in post primary schools. International Journal of
Economics, Commerce and Management, United Kingdom, IV(7), 633–650. Retrieved
from http://ijecm.co.uk/.
Ajzen, I. (1991) The Theory of Planned Behavior: Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes, 50, 179-211.
Alessandro, A., Luca, C., Fabio, L. & Nadia, M. (2016). Entrepreneurial intention in the time
of crisis: a field study. International Journal of Entrepreneurial Behaviour & Research,
Vol. 22 No. 6, pp. 835-859.
Alexandros, K. (2016). Exploring entrepreneurial conceptions, beliefs and intentions of
Greek graduates Alexandros. International Journal of Entrepreneurial Behaviour &
Research, Vol. 22 No. 1, pp. 317-360.
Amanamah, R. B., Acheampong, A. & Owusu, E. K. (2018). An Exploratory Study Of
Entrepreneurial Intention Among University Students In Ghana, 7(1), 140–148.
Anton, S. G. & Bostan, L. (2017). The Role of Access to Finance in Explaining CrossNational Variation in Entrepreneurial Activity : A Panel Data Approach, (1), 1–16.
www.mdpi.com/journal/sustainability https://doi.org/10.3390/su9111947
Bandura, A. (1986). Social foundations of thought and action: A social cognitive theory.
Englewood Cliffs, NJ: PrenticeHall. Bandura
Barral, M. R. M., Ribeiro, F. G. & Canever, M. D. (2018). Influence of the university
environment in the entrepreneurial intention in public and private universities. RAUSP
Management Journal, 53(1), 122-133.
28
Idris Adamu Alhaji1 and Farrah Merlinda Muharram
Bilal, Z. O. & Hussien, A. M. (2019). The impact of entrepreneurship education and previous
experience onstudents' career intentions in oman? Evidence from dhofar university.
International Journal of Management Research & Review. SSN: 2249-7196 IJMRR/1-
99(3), 1–9.
Che, S., Mistima, S. & Mohd, N. (2015). Identifying Factors that Affecting the
Entrepreneurial Intention among Engineering Technology Students, 211(September),
1016–1022. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.sbspro.2015.11.135.
Crecente-Romero, F. Gimenez-Baldazo, M. & Rivera-Galicia, L. F. (2018). Can entrepreneurship channel over qualification in young university graduates in the European Union?. Journal of Business Research, 89, 223–228.
Demirgüç-Kunt, A., Klapper, L. F. & Panos, G. A. (2011). Entrepreneurship in post-conflict
transition. Economics of Transition, 19(1):27–78.
Efrata, T. C., Hadiwidjojo, D. & Aisjah, S. (2016). Entrepreneurship education and
entrepreneurial role models: How do they affect entrepreneurial intentions?. Australian
Journal of Basic and Applied Sciences, 10(8), 53-59.
Ferri, L., Ginesti, G., Span, R. & Zampella, A. (2018). Exploring the Entrepreneurial
Intention of Female Students in Italy. https://doi.org/10.3390/joitmc4030027.
Gonzalez-serrano, M. H., & González-garcía, R. J. (2018). Original Article Entrepreneurial
and intrapreneurial intentions of sports science students : what are their determinant
variables ? JPES ®, 18, 1363–1372. https://doi.org/10.7752/jpes.2018.s3202
Global Entrepreneurship Research Association (2018). Global Entrepreneurship Monitor
2017/2018; GERA: London, UK.
Hayton, J. C. & Cholakova, M. (2012). The role of affect in the creation and intentional pursuit of entrepreneurial ideas. Entrepreneurship: Theory and Practice,
36(1), 41–68. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1540-6520.2011.00458.x
Ho, M. R., Uy, M. A., Kang, B. N. Y. & Chan, K. (2018). Impact of Entrepreneurship
Training on Entrepreneurial Efficacy and Alertness among Adolescent Youth, 3(March),
1–10. https://doi.org/10.3389/feduc.2018.00013.
Hoogendoorn, B., Van der Zwan, P. & Thurik, R. (2016). Sustainable entrepreneurship: The
role of perceived barriers and risk. Journal Business Ethics. 151, 1–22.
Hoque, R. Md., Kabir, Z. Md., Rahman, M. Md., Chowdhury, P. S. & Islam, S. (2017). Entrepreneurial Intentions: A Study on Students from Countryside University. Asian Economic and Financial Review ISSN(e): 2222-6737 DOI:
10.18488/journal.aefr.2017.710.972.980 Vol. 7, No. 10, 972-980.
Hu, R., & Ye, Y. (2017). Do entrepreneurial alertness and self-efficacy predict Chinese sports
major students' entrepreneurial intention?. Social Behavior & Personality: An International Journal, 45(7), 1187- 1196.
Iacobucci, D. & Micozzi, A. (2012). Entrepreneurship education in Italian universities: trend,
situation and opportunities. Education+Training, Vol. 54 No. 8, pp. 673-696.
29
Entrepreneurial Intention among Secondary School Students: A proposed conceptual framework
Iakovleva, T. L., Kolvereid & Stephan, U. (2011). Entrepreneurial intentions in developing
and developed countries. Education Training, 53(5): 353-370. View at Google Scholar |
View at Publisher.
Igwe, P. A., Madichie, N. O., Newbery, R., Igwe, P. A. & Newbery, R. (2018). Determinants
of livelihood choices and artisanal entrepreneurship in Nigeria.
https://doi.org/10.1108/IJEBR-02-2018-0102.
Joshua & Quartey, P. (2010). Issues in SME development in Ghana and South Africa.
International Research Journal of Finance and Economics, Vol. 39 No. 6, pp. 215-228.
Karimi, S., Biemans, H.J.A., Lans, T., Chizari, M. & Mulder, M. (2016). The impact of
entrepreneurship education: a study of Iranian students’ entrepreneurial intentions and
opportunity identification. Journal of Small Business Management, Vol. 54 No. 1, pp.
187-209.
Kelley, D. J., Singer, S. & Herrington, M. (2012). The global entrepreneurship monitor.
2011 Global Report, GEM 2011, 7.
Khaleque, A. (2018). Performance of Women Entrepreneurs : Does Access to Finance
Really Matter?. Eurasian Journal of Business and Economics 11(21), 23–48.
Kibler, E. (2013). Formation of entrepreneurial intentions in a regional context.
Entrepreneurship and Regional Development, 25, 293-323.
Kim, K. & Hann, I. (2019). Crowdfunding and the Democratization of Access to Capital - An
Illusion ? Evidence from Housing Prices Information Systems Research
http://pubsonline.informs.org/journal/isre/ ISSN 1047-7047 ISSN 1526-5536.
Koe, W. (2016). The relationship between Individual Entrepreneurial Orientation ( IEO ) and
entrepreneurial intention. Journal of Global Entrepreneurship Research.
https://doi.org/10.1186/s40497-016-0057-8.
Krueger, N. (1993). The impact of prior entrepreneurial exposure on perceptions of new
venture feasibility and desirability. Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice, 18(1), 5–21.
Krueger, N., Reilly, M. D. & Carsrud, A. L. (2000). Competing models of entrepreneurial intentions. Journal Business Venturing, 15(5), 411–432.
Krueger, N.F. Jr. (2007). What Lies Beneath? The Experiential Essence of Entrepreneurial
Thinking. Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice, 31(1):123-138.
Lackéus, M. & Williams Middleton, K. (2015). Venture creation programs: bridging entrepreneurship education and technology transfer. Education Training, 57 (1), 48-73.
Lim, W., Lee, Y. L. & Ramasamy, R. (2015). Personality, prior knowledge, social capital and
entrepreneurial intentions: Entrepreneurial alertness as mediator. Global Journal of
Business and Social Science Review, 1(2), 538-548.
Liñán, F., Rodríguez‐Cohard, J. C. & Rueda‐Cantuche, J. M. (2011). Factors affecting
entre‐preneurial intention levels: a role for education. International Entrepreneurship
and Management Journal, 7, 195–218.
Liñán, F., & Fayolle, A. (2015). A systematic literature review on entrepreneurial intentions:
Citation, thematic analyses, and research agenda. International Entrepreneurship Man30
Idris Adamu Alhaji1 and Farrah Merlinda Muharram
agement. 11, 907–933.
Mahendra, A. M., Djatmika, E. T., & Hermawan, A. (2017). The Effect of
Entrepreneurship Education on Entrepreneurial Intention Mediated by Motivation
and Attitude among Management Students, State University of Malang, Indonesia.
International Education Studies, 10(9), 61. https://doi.org/10.5539/ies.v10n9p61.
Maina, S. (2013). The role of entrepreneurship education on job creation among Y ouths in
Nigeria. Academic Journal of Interdisciplinary Studies Rome Italy , MCSER Publishing.
Maresch, D., Harms, R., Kailer, N. & Wimmer-Wurm, B. (2016). The impact of entrepreneurship education on the entrepreneurial intention of students in science and engineering versus business studies university programs. Technological forecasting and social
change, 104, 172-179.
Michiels, A. & Molly, V. (2017). Financing decisions in family businesses, a review and
suggestions for developing the field, Family Business Review, Vol. 30 No. 4, pp. 369-
399.
Miralles, F., Giones, F. & Riverola, C. (2015). Evaluating the impact of prior experience in
entrepreneurial intention. International Entrepreneurship and Management Journal,
doi:10.1007/s11365-015-0365-4.
Morales-Urrutia, D. & Marzábal, R. O. (2015). Factores explicativos de la creación de
empresas en diez países europeos: Una propuesta desde la perspectiva institucional. Rev.
Econ. Mund. 2015, 40, 91–122
Morris, M., Webb, J., Fu, J. & Singhal, S. (2013). A competency-based perspective on entrepreneurship education: conceptual and empirical insights. Journal of Small Business
Management 51, 352–369. doi:10.1111/jsbm.12023.
Musa, U. F., Ainuddin, M., Lee, I., Abdullah, B. & Wahid, R. (2016). Public policies on
entrepreneurships: the implication for poverty reduction: a qualitative approach, 6(10),
1393–1404.
Mba, W., Z. & Alamni, E. M. (2018). Determinants of entrepreneurial intention of graduating
students at bahirdar university : an application of theory. Arabian Journal of Business
and Management Review, 7(1). https://doi.org/10.12816/0041746.
Nwite, O. (2016). Entrepreneurship education in Nigerian tertiary institutions: A remedy to
graduates unemployment. British Journal of Education Vol.4, No.5, pp.16-28, May
2016 Published by European Centre for Research Training and Development UK.
Obschonka, M., Hakkarainen, K., Lonka, K. & Salmela-Aro, K. (2017). Entrepreneurship as
a twenty-first century skill: entrepreneurial alertness and intention in the transition to
adulthood. Small Bus. Econ.48, 487–501. doi:10.1007/s11187-016-9798-6
Ojiaku, O. C., Nkamnebe, A. D. & Nwaizugbo, I. C. (2018). Determinants of entrepreneurial
intentions among young graduates: perspectives of push-pull-mooring model.
Okon, F. I., & Friday, U. A. (2015). Entrepreneurial education: A panacea for youth unemployment in Nigeria. International Journal of Small Business and Entrepreneurship Research, Vol. 3(5): 11-22.
31
Entrepreneurial Intention among Secondary School Students: A proposed conceptual framework
Onuma, N. (2016). Entrepreneurship education in Nigerian tertiary institutions: a remedy to
graduates unemployment, British Journal of Education, Vol. 4 No. 5, pp. 16-28.
Otache, I. (2019). Enhancing the effectiveness of entrepreneurship education : the role of
entrepreneurial lecturers. Education + Training, https://doi.org/10.1108/ET-06-2018-
0127.
Osalor, P. (2016). The impact of entrepreneurship on economic growth, Development.
Vanguard Newspaper, in business. https://www.vanguardngr.com/2016/10/impactentrepreneurshipeconomic-growth-development.
Oyetunde, O., Orji, G. M., Akeem, B. J. & Omale, A. S. (2017). Effect of entrepreneurship
education on student independence-oriented intentions in selected private universities in
Abuja. 1st Covenant University International Conference on Entrepreneurship (CU-ICE
2017).
Pauceanu, A. (2016). Innovation and entrepreneurship in Sultanate of Oman-an empirical
study. Entrep. Sustain. 4, 83–99.
Pauceanu, A. M., Alpenidze, O., Edu, T. & Zaharia, R. M. (2018). What Determinants Influence Students to Start Their Own Business? Empirical Evidence from United Arab
Emirates Universities. Sustainability, 11(1), 1-23.
Qubbaja, A. A. A. (2019). Access to Finance for Women-Owned SMEs in Palestine, 10(8),
120–128. https://doi.org/10.7176/RJFA.
Rae, D., Martin, L., Antcliff, V. & Hannon, P. (2012). Enterprise and entrepreneurship in
English higher education: 2010 and beyond. Journal of Small Business and Enterprise
Development,19(3), 380-401.
Ramalho, J. J., Rita, R. M. & da-Silva, J.V. (2018). The impact of family ownership on
capital structure of firms: exploring the role of zero-leverage, size, location and the
global financial crisis. International Small Business Journal,
https://doi.org/10.1177/0266242617753050.
Ramayah, T., Noor-Hazlina, A. & Theresa, H .C. F. (2012). Entrepreneur education: does
prior experience matter?. Journal of Entrepreneurship Education, Vol. 15 No. 1, pp. 65-
81.
Rodríguez-Félix, L., Albort-Morant, G. & Leal-Rodríguez, A. L. (2016). Does experiential
learning boost students‟ performance? Results from implementing this methodology within a competencies-based human resources management subject at the
University of Seville ICERI2016 Proceedings, 8212-8220.
Roy, R. N. (2017). Entrepreneurial intention among science and technology students in India:
extending the theory of planned behaviour, International Entrepreneurship Management
Journal, Vol. 13 No. 4, pp. 1013-1041, doi:10.1007/s11365-017-0434-y.
Salami, S. O. (2019). Examining the emerging entrepreneurial mindset in adolescence : A
study in Nigeria, International Journal of Psychology, 54(1), 70–79.
doi.org/10.1002/ijop.12431
Sesen, H. (2012). Personality or environment? A comprehensive study on the entrepreneurial
intentions of university students, Education+Training, Vol. 55 No. 7, pp. 624-640.
32
Idris Adamu Alhaji1 and Farrah Merlinda Muharram
Shamsudeen, K. (2017). Entrepreneurial awareness, entrepreneurial self-efficacy, viable
business plan and smes’ performance in North Western Nigeria: the moderating role of
access to finance. PhD thesis.
Shamsudin, S. Mamun, A. Nawi, N. Nasir, N. & Zakaria, M. (2017). Factors affecting entrepreneurial intention among the Malaysian university students. Journal of Development.
51, 423–431.
Shapero, A. & Sokol, L. (1982). Social dimensions of entrepreneurship. In C.A. Kent, D. L.
Sexton, and K. H. Vesper (Eds.), Encyclopedia of entrepreneurship (pp. 72–90).
Englewood Cliffs: Prentice Hall.
Schumpeter, J. A. (1934). The Theory of Economic Development, translated by Opie
R. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, MA. 42(46):78–89.
Swart, A. J. (2014). Using problem-based learning to stimulate entrepreneurial
awareness among senior African undergraduate students. Eurasia Journal of
Mathematics, Science and Technology Education, 10(2), 125–134.
https://doi.org/10.12973/eurasia.2014.1023a.
Tang, J., Kacmar, K. & Busenitz, L. (2012). Entrepreneurial alertness in the pursuit of new
opportunities. Journal of Bususiness Venturing, 27, 77–94.
doi:10.1016/j.jbusvent.2010.07.001
Udu, S. C. & Amadi, P. N. G. (2013). Integrating Basic Entrepreneurship Studies into Primary Education Curriculum: Platform for Sustainable National Development. Academic
Journal of Interdisciplinary Studies, E-ISSN 2281-4612, ISSN 2281-3993,
Doi:10.5901/ajis.2012.v2n5p69
Westhead, P. & Solesvik, M. Z. (2016). Entrepreneurship education and entrepreneurial
intention: do female students benefit?. International Small Business Journal, Vol. 34
No. 8, pp. 979-1003.
World Bank Enterprise Surveys (2014). Nigerian country profile, The World Bank Group,
New York, NY, available at: www.enterprisesurveys.org/ (accessed 5 December 2017).
Yıldırım, N., Çakır, Ö., & Aşkun, O. B. (2016). Ready to dare? A case study on the entrepreneurial intentions of business and engineering students in Turkey. Procedia-Soc. Behav.
Sciences. 229, 277-288. doi: 10.1016/j.sbspro.2016.07.138
Yurtkoru, S., Kuscu, Z. K. & Doganay, A. (2014). Exploring the antecedents of entrepreneurial intention on Turkish university students. Procedia–Social and Behavioral Sciences,
Vol. 150, pp. 841-850.
Zewudu, W. & Alamnie, M. (2018). Determinants of Entrepreneurial Intention of Graduating
Students at Bahirdar University: An Application Of Theory. Arabian Journal of
Business and Management Review 7(1). https://doi.org/10.12816/0041746.
Zhang, P., Wang, D. D. & Owen, C. L. (2015). A study of entrepreneurial intention of university students. Entrepreneur Research Journal, Vol. 5 No. 1, pp. 61-82.
