+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "Mediating Effect of Intrapreneurship on Psychological Ownership and Teachers’ In-Role Performance"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 10

authors = [
  {surname = "Daneji",  given_name = "Aliyu Mukhtar",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Bambale",  given_name = "Abdu Ja’afaru",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2 Department of Business Administration and Entrepreneurship, Faculty of Management, Bayero University, Kano – Nigeria "}]


date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "125"
lastpage = "142"
language = ""
keywords = ["Intrapreneurship, Psychological ownership, & Employee performance, In-role performance"]


PDF = "../assets/10.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "This paper investigated the mediating effect of intrapreneurship on the relationship between psychological ownership and teachers’ in-role performance in private secondary schools in Kano, Nigeria. The data for the study was collected through the use of questionnaire. A total of 338 teachers from selected private secondary schools in Kano metropolis were used for the study. The study used Statistical Package for Social Science (SPSS) Version 22 and PLSSEM Version 3 for data screening and path structuring modelling, respectively. The study reveals positive significant effect of psychological ownership on teachers’ in-role performance. Importantly, the study findings provided empirical evidence that intrapreneurship mediates the relationship between organisational-based psychological ownership and teachers’ role performance. The study recommends that the in-role performance of teachers can be enhanced when the teachers have the feeling of psychological ownership of their respective schools. Similarly, if teachers have psychological ownership for their respective schools, they would be motivated to be more innovative which consequently could improve performance of their basic responsibilities in the school. Direction for future study was also discussed."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

