+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "Investor Risk and Returns in the Nigerian Capital Market"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 19

authors = [
  {surname = "Abdu",  given_name = "Maryam",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}

]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="Department of Business Administration, Faculty of Management Sciences,  Kaduna State University, Kaduna–Nigeria"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "252"
lastpage = "263"
language = ""
keywords = ["Dividend, investor, market capitalisation, market share price"]

PDF = "../assets/19.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "The issue of investment is important in the field of finance. Investors take active part in the stock market activities with the intention of obtaining higher returns. With the challenges faced in the Nigerian economic environment, the level of investments has been fluctuating. High levels of risk are associated with high returns, and low risks with low returns for investments. Studies conducted on capital market risk and return looked at variables such as standard deviation, beta, and investor behaviour. This study looks at market share price and dividends on the consumer sector of the Nigerian Stock Exchange which have not been done by previous researches. The study is quantitative and panel data, secondary data was used extracted from the annual report and financial statements of the companies. A multiple regression was formulated and Stata was used to analyse the data. The results showed that market share price and dividends are not having an effect on the performance of the capital market. It was concluded that companies should patronize the Nigerian capital market so that activities in the market can improve and be more attractive for the investing public."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

