+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/23/"

title = "Exploring The Community Participation: A Case Study of Homestays in Brunei"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 23

authors = [
  {surname = "Janaji",  given_name = "Siti Aisah",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Ibrahim",  given_name = "Fahmi",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2, UTB School of Business, Universiti Teknologi Brunei, Brunei Darussalam"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "300"
lastpage = "316"
language = ""
keywords = ["Homestays, Community-based tourism, Community participation"]


PDF = "../assets/23.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "This paper aims to discover the community participation level of homestays in Brunei. While recognizing the socio-economic benefits and revenue streams that homestays gain from not only providing accommodation facilities, the wide range of cultural activities and exposures provided by the homestays will strengthen the preservation of Brunei’s cultural heritage. A case study approach and qualitative research method were conducted in this study. The fieldwork was conducted in three villages, Kampong Wasan, Kampong Ayer and Kampong Bang Nukat. A total of three homestay operators were interviewed. Based on findings, it demonstrates that all three homestay operators have their objective in running the homestay which is not solely for profit-purpose but to enhance eco-tourism and community their respective village. The key findings reveal that community participation in all three homestays is perceived to be a means of empowering individuals in contributing to on-going socio-economic development of their respective village. Significantly, homestays in Brunei may not only provide accommodation but selling local products can be another revenue stream for them. Furthermore, homestays in Brunei can be extended as training and development centres.  This study provides insights on how homestays have contributed to socio-economic of local communities. This study contributes knowledge and practical suggestions to potential and new ventures in tourism, homestay operators and researchers."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

