+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/26/"

title = "Assessing the Implementation of Employees Training: Cases of  Service-Based Organizations in Malaysia"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 26

authors = [
  {surname = "Ali",  given_name = "Muazam",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Omar",  given_name = "Siti Sarah",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Rashid",  given_name = "Umi Kartini",  affiliations = ["3"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Ramin",  given_name = "Ahmad Kaseri",  affiliations = ["4"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}

]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1,2, 3, 4	1	Universiti Tun Hussein Onn Malaysia"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "358"
lastpage = "369"
language = ""
keywords = ["Non-computerized training, Case studies, Malaysia"]


PDF = "../assets/26.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Employee training program increases the knowledge, skills, and abilities of the worker. It further creates efficiency, competitive advantages value creation among the employees. The main focus of this study identifies the training and development consequences. This study is qualitative in nature. The population of the study is four service base organization of Malaysia located in a different part of the country. A purposive sample was used and data was collected through interviews. The findings of the study revealed that the success of a training program depends on comprehensive program design, coaching skills, and program manageability that improve the performance of employees. Knowledge and skills on the work done will only be enhanced through the implementation of relevant and effective training programs. The findings also revealed that training enabled an organization to identify its weaknesses and capabilities to reduce the gap between existing conditions and expected work as set by the organization. In future studies, the employees' perceptions of other human resources practices in other different organization will be used to get more refine outcomes."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++
