+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/27/"

title = "Applied Protection Motivation in Safeguarding Lessons Learned During Information Technology (IT) Disaster Recovery"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 27

authors = [
  {surname = "Mohideen",  given_name = "Hanizah",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Dorasamy",  given_name = "Magiswary",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2, Multimedia University (MMU) Malaysia"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "370"
lastpage = "381"
language = ""
keywords = ["Information Technology, Information Systems, Disaster Recovery, Protection Motivation Theory"]


PDF = "../assets/27.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "The ultimate objective of any Information Technology (IT) service provider is to deliver uninterrupted service to customers. However, in the event of a disaster, a cause for organisations failing to meet this objective is the absence of knowledge that can guide response initiatives, namely, key lessons learned from prior disasters. In this research, the DR process and associated activities in client organisation were studied using an Action Research (AR) approach. The interview and focus group discussion was concluded that limited attention is given for the knowledge that can prevent future repetitive error and safeguard time and cost. In this study, Protection Motivation Theory (PMT) by Maddux and Rogers (1983) were used as theoretical framework to guide the simplification of the DR lesson-learned process. To safeguard lessons learned or valuable information requires a human to embrace the importance of “self-efficacy” and “response efficacy”. PMT is one of the well-known theory in research sphere of health psychology. However, interestingly since 2008 PMT has been started to be applied in IT, Information Systems (IS) and Computer research areas. As per Scopus database, a total of 86 articles were published from 2008 until September 2019. This clearly indicates that PMT is one of the appealing theory and actively being used in IT, IS and Computer research. The simplified lesson-learned DR process were tested over four simulations and accepted by client organisations because they demonstrate the capability to minimise errors, which will indirectly lead to time and cost savings. The simplified process enabled the client organisations to learn from past experience and improve future responses in their DR activities."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

