+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/31/"

title = "Lease-Debt Substitutability Or Complementarity: Evidence from Listed Non-Financial Firms in Nigeria"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 31

authors = [
  {surname = "Musa",  given_name = "Mubi Aliya",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Saidu",  given_name = "Badara Muazu",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2 Department of Accounting Business School, Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "407"
lastpage = "423"
language = ""
keywords = ["Finance Lease, Leverage, Growth, Information Asymmetry, Economic Recession, Pecking Order Theory, Moderating Effects, Listed Non-Financial Firms, Nigeria"]


PDF = "../assets/31.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Despite numerous benefits obtainable with use of finance leases by listed corporate firms, Micro, Small and Medium scale Enterprises (MSMEs) dominate the patronage of lease finance in Nigeria. A recession however, occurred in 2016 with the attendant effect of limiting the availability and access to finance by listed corporate firms in Nigeria. In view of the fact that a pecking order is usually adhered to in corporate financing, the paper sought to examine the nature of relationship between leases and debt (substitutes or complements) on account of the recent economic recession in Nigeria. A correlation-explanatory research design was adopted to determine the moderating effect of economic recession on the relationship between leverage (conventional debt) and finance leases. Based on the pecking order theory, the variables- growth and information asymmetry were examined to provide further insight into the nature of relationship. A sample of 20 listed non-financial firms in Nigeria was studied covering the period, 2010-2017. Two models- one, accounting for independent effects of the variables and the other, accounting for moderating effects of economic recession, were constructed to test formulated hypotheses. Generalized Least Square (GLS) Regression for Model 1 and Fixed Effects Regression for Model 2 were run with the aid of statistical software, STATA. Findings from Model 1 results suggest that the independent variables- leverage and economic recession, have a positive and statistically significant effect on finance leases. Model 2 results show that economic recession significantly moderates the effect of leverage and growth on finance leases. The paper therefore, concludes on a conditional complementary relationship between leases and debt in the context of listed non-financial firms in Nigeria. Recommendation is made that lessors’ capacity be enhanced to meet increasing demand for lease finance in the aftermath of a recession."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

