+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/37/"

title = "Taxes and Firm Values: Reduce to Induce"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 37

authors = [
  {surname = "Annuar",  given_name = "Hairul Azlan",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Salihu",  given_name = "Ibrahim Aramide",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1 = 1	Accounting Department, Kulliyyah of Economics and Management Sciences, International Islamic University Malaysia, 2 = UTB School of Business, Universiti Teknologi Brunei, Brunei Darussalam"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "504"
lastpage = "518"
language = ""
keywords = ["corporate tax rate; corporate governance, Tobin q; GMM estimator; Malaysia"]


PDF = "../assets/37.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Traditionally, a reduction in corporate income tax rate is expected to increase the values of the firms. However, in a weak corporate governance environment, the presence of managerial diversion may preclude the positive outcome of such reduction.  The present study thus investigates the impact of the reduction in the corporate tax rate on the values of the listed firms on Bursa Malaysia. The study adopts the models in the seminal work of Desai, Dyck and Zingales (2007). Arellano and Bover’s system GMM estimator is used in analysing the dynamic panel data of 1814 firm-year level observations over a period of 14 years (19992013). The results of this analysis show a negative significant relationship between the measure of the tax burden and q-value (a measure of firm value). Thus, the reduction in the corporate tax rate has impacted the firm value positively. Further, using a self-constructed corporate governance index, the interaction effect of corporate governance on the established relationship is investigated. The result shows no significant interaction effect on the relationship. It is therefore concluded that the gradual reduction in corporate tax rate has not only increased the firm value, but it has also discouraged any form of managerial diversion."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

