+++
canonicalurl = "https://www.icbmis-utb.org/article/1/38/"

title = "A Qualitative Evidences of User Satisfaction on Government  Employee Management Systems"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 38

authors = [
  {surname = "Suhip",  given_name = "Hazimah",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Ibrahim",  given_name = "Fahmi",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2 UTB School of Business, Universiti Teknologi Brunei, Brunei Darussalam"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "589"
lastpage = "604"
language = ""
keywords = ["Qualitative Evidences, User Satisfaction, Employee Management Systems"]


PDF = "../assets/38.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Human resource management (HRM) activities were always carried out manually and paper intensive using the traditional method system. Presently, HRM are facing challenges that includes competitive work environment, allocating growing demands, provide service quality, growing workforce, globalisation of economy and more. With the availability of information communication and technology (ICT), HRM has transformed into an inevitable power of technology that transform HRM into Electronic Human Resource Management (E-HRM) system. Brunei Darussalam without exception is also practicing E-HRM in the Government sector called Government Employee Management System (GEMS). This paper investigates the user satisfaction of E-HRM on Brunei Darussalam Government Employee Management System (GEMS) by investigating the current status of GEMS in Brunei Darussalam, based on the Government employees experience. The user satisfaction was studied through seven elements, the implementation of E-HRM, training, user-friendliness, infrastructure, data security, technical support and user support.  Qualitative interviews were conducted on Human Resource (HR) officers from the four departments of public organization and one representative from the Infotech division, which is the division that implement and maintain GEMS. Findings revealed that the GEMS do not give satisfactory system. The employees are only satisfied with the data security and technical support. While they are not satisfied on the other elements (training, user-friendliness, infrastructure) causing it to be lacking in user support that leads to unsatisfactory system. This paper has developed a theoretical framework as a recommendation to integrate relevant elements, together with the influence of age, gender and years of service that impact the user satisfaction."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

