+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "The Mediating Effect of Housing Policy and Immigrants’ Homeownership in Brunei"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 6

authors = [
  {surname = "Awang",  given_name = "Sarimah",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Islam",  given_name = " Gazi Nurul",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Bardai",  given_name = " Bajoyai",  affiliations = ["3"],  ORCID = "", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"}

]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000aaa11", name ="1, 2, 3 Graduate School of Business, Universiti Tun Abdul Razak, Jalan Tun Razak, Kuala Lumpur,
Malaysia"}]

date = "2019-11-14T09:00:00+10:00"
submitdate = "2019-11-14"
modifieddate = "2019-11-14"

articleID = 3
DOI = ""
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "62"
lastpage = "76"
language = ""
keywords = ["Affordability, Brunei, Homeownership, Housing Policy, Immigrants"]

PDF = "../assets/icbmis-2019-008.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = ""
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Generally, the housing policy in a country plays a significant role in influencing the behaviour of immigrants towards homeownership. Therefore, this study aims to investigate
the mediating effects of housing policy on the homeownership of immigrants in Brunei Darussalam. The housing policy mediating effects determine the relationship between important particular socio demographic factors and immigrants’ homeownership. In this study, the structuration theory on housing policy was applied and the immigrants was taken into account to investigate the intervening variable of owning houses. The data of this study was collected from a survey conducted on the selected respondents who comprised of middle income immigrants from Brunei’s third generation. This survey used structured questionnaires. Furthermore, multiple regression analysis was conducted in this study. It was found from the analysis that the r-square value of the model was 0.826, indicating that 82.6% of the relationships were captured in the model. It was also found that affordability, education, wealth, citizenship status, loyalty, history and housing policy are important variable in relation to the immigrants’ homeownership. With this, it is indicated that housing policy is the important factor which influence the immigrants’ access to homeownership in Brunei Darussalam. It is recommended in this study that policy makers consider these important factors for sustainable development of the national economy."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

