+++
canonicalurl = ""

title = "Entrepreneurial Intention among Secondary School Students: A proposed conceptual framework"

articleType = "Research Article"
articleType_weight = 2

authors = [
  {surname = "Alhaji",  given_name = "Idris Adamu",  affiliations = ["1"],  ORCID = "0000-0000-0000-0000", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  {surname = "Muharram",  given_name = "Farrah Merlinda",  affiliations = ["2"],  ORCID = "0000-0000-0000-0000", funding = [], corresp = "", equalcontrib = "no", deceased = "no"},
  
]

affiliations = [{ISNI = "0000 0000 0000 0000 ", ROR = "0000xxx22", name ="Azman Hashim International Business School, Universiti Teknologi Malaysiat"}]

date = "2020-07-18T09:00:01+10:00"
submitdate = "2020-07-01"
modifieddate = "2020-07-18"

articleID = 3
DOI = "10.xxxx/abcdef"
volume = "1"
issue = ""
firstpage = "6"
lastpage = "10"
language = ""
keywords = ["Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurship education, previous entrepreneurial experience, perceived desirability, access to financing, entrepreneurial intention."]


PDF = "../assets/icbmis-2019-004.pdf"
PDFcanonical = ""
XML = "../assets/icbmis-2019-004.xml"
XMLcanonical = ""
HTML = ""
HTMLcanonical = ""
EPUB = ""
EPUBcanonical = ""
customGalleys = [{ galleyname = "", galleyURL = "", galleycanonical = ""}]

license = "https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0"

abstract = "Entrepreneurship has become a steering engine for economic development and a bridged between unemployment, underdevelopment, and poverty. Entrepreneurship has received a lot of attention among the developed economy. Various literature have intensively discussed on the entrepreneurial intention among tertiary intuitions but with less attention on the entrepreneurial intention among secondary school students as the basis for learning that link between secondary school and tertiary institutions. This paper reviewed the entrepreneurial intention among secondary school students and the moderating role of access to financing. Access to financing is considered the fundamental sources needed by any entrepreneur/s to assist them in the running and operations of their businesses. This study proposed a conceptual framework with the relationship between entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial intention. Prior literature is developed based on the Theory of Planned Behaviour (TPB) as the most used model to determine entrepreneurial intention. This study also seeks to identify the moderating role of access to financing in the relationship between entrepreneurship and entrepreneurial intention. The conceptual framework was developed to harmonize the understanding of four main variables supported by the prior literature. This study is very important to highlight the stakeholders such as government, community, private organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and entrepreneurs on the factors that are essential to influence entrepreneurial intention among students and accessibility of funds is very crucial factor that moderate students' entrepreneurial intentions especially for those who are in their secondary education years. ."


socialimage = ""
socialimagealt = ""
twitterhandle = ""
+++

